# Cosmic-Quest

In this github link, I have added links to 2 different Python Files, one where the optimizer used is only Adam and the other has used 4-5 different optimizers and their accuracies have been printed to check which model would be most suitable to the given data. For increasing the accuracy, I have split the given data into a training set and a test set for better analysis and also scaled the data for better accuracy.
For applying each optimizer to my model, I created a function which defined my model with the optimizer as the variable input and I created a dictionary of the various optimizers for easy access to each optimizer and then using for loop, I trained the model with different optimizers. As for the changes which I could bring in the layers, I tried increasing the nodes and then dropping some to prevent overfitting but that decreased the accuracy of my model so I avoided that.
For increasing accuracy, we can also increase the number of epochs but then the model would take time in working, hence becoming slow and we can also drop some data to prevent overfitting of the same. But according to me, this would be the best fit value for epochs as not much time is taken in the fitting and compilation of the model and the predictions are pretty accurate. I have also set the verbose to 0 in fitting and compiling as is needed in Jupyter Notebook for cleaner data depiction. 
I have also attached the csv data file used to make predictions ansd training our model alongwith the given ReadMe File. The Python files are in executable Python Script for easy working. The PS was solved in Jupyter Notebook as I am familiar with its working. 
